it is a good internship of peace
and in the end it shoots badly
the details of quality so valued always in Seville correspond to Betis
return the ball these ix
At the end it highlights soler
minute 14 Betis attacks again on the left side
the ball reaches a cuéllar
gecén trajín marca kovacsics
the joy soar the villamarín
jo valcic took advantage of his solitude in the seville area the attention of the derby
derive abruptness if the party is complicated for santamaría uzqueda
here a penalty is requested in favor
sevilla team
we see a blessing two things first
this lack of moncho to lighthouse and after
isa moya the referee in this play tito kick-off
the seville scarcely created danger in this first part the best is far but
powerful shot of rafa peace
in the second time the papers are reversed seville dominated and betis
wait for the backlash
cortijo pushes the ball but stops lighthouse
the passage to the front of the seville elevates the uncertainty of the party lighthouse fails in
the exit and these facts saves the same goal line
the betis just leaves his lair the situation changes with the entry of
sabas who claim this penalty shot of mazagón
we see that the garrone systep heroes out of the area
channel all the speed of the betis minute 32 receives the ball of cuéllar
if it is planted on youtube
sabas starts in correct position as we see in the repetition and marks the
second goal
it was only ten minutes since he had replaced kobayashi
did not deserve so much punishment the Seville that only five minutes after he returns
the emotion of the match
it's a center of soler and the stopped shot
the 21st
this result its beautiful cardiac the last minutes of the game
push to seville
but the goal does not come
the betis wins in the middle of general delirium the villamarín
they are one step away from europe